wal-telegram: add page (#8431)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/wal-telegram.md

# wal-telegram

> Generates themes for Telegram based the colors generated by pywal/wal.
> More information: <https://github.com/guillaumeboehm/wal-telegram>.

- Generate with wal's palette and the current wallpaper (feh only):

`wal-telegram`

- Generate with wal's palette and a specified background image:

`wal-telegram --background={{path/to/image}}`

- Generate with wal's palette and a colored background based on the palette:

`wal-telegram --tiled`

- Apply a gaussian blur on the background image:

`wal-telegram -g`

> - Specify a location for the generated theme (Default is '$XDG_CACHE_HOME/wal-telegram' or '~/.cache/wal-telegram'):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specify a location for the generated theme (default is `$XDG_CACHE_HOME/wal-telegram` or `~/.cache/wal-telegram`):
```

> `wal-telegram --destination={{path/to/save/theme/in}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`wal-telegram --destination={{path/to/destination}}`
```
